well howdy there internet people is
boullion so today we are going to talk
about what we've learned so far and
based on that we're going to kind of
come up with some suggestions for the
future one of the things that always
happens you know when I was a security
consultant nobody calls you beforehand
nobody calls you before there's a
problem they call you once the problem
exists and the first thing you have to
do 90% of the time is after-action hot
wash and explain this is what went wrong
and this is how you can stop it from
going wrong again in the future
it's almost every first meeting ok so
what have we learned thus far we have an
issue with our infrastructure it is
lacking in a bunch of different ways
it's not just the obvious ones ok so
what do we have we know that our medical
infrastructure is lacking in a big way
we need more ventilators we need more
beds that can quickly be converted to
ICU beds they don't have to be ICU beds
all the time but they need to be able to
be quickly flipped over to that ok those
are two things that are real obvious the
thing is this was being discussed 10
years ago more than 10 years ago
professionals have been warning about
this for a long time the infrastructure
is not there ok what else have we
learned our internet infrastructure is
apparently not up to task if everybody
studies home to work then while the
internet will go down well we should
probably fix that because in times of
emergency everybody's going to be trying
to get their information that way so
even if it's not just normal work it's
going to impact it in critical times we
have realized that not just do we have
limited health care infrastructure we
have limited access to
health care and that's going to be an
issue you know right now people are
still debating us you know I don't know
why we have to do this understand solve
all the problems you want but if the
tens of millions of uninsured people in
the country can't get health care you're
not gonna solve anything because it's
going to keep coming back around so it's
not just a moral thing it's not just a
you know we we're kind of like the
leader of the free world type thing and
people should have access to it it's a
national security issue so it's
something we have to solve child care we
need more child care we need better
access to food food security a big one
these are all things that are becoming
very very apparent and it's all been
warned about it's all been talked about
for years we knew it was coming and all
of it can be solved by updating our
infrastructure it's all been talked
about for years there's another group of
scientists out here that have been
warning us about something for years for
decades and we have to alter the
infrastructure to deal with it maybe we
should do it at the same time it would
make more sense to do it at the same
time people are wondering how we're
gonna get the economy back on track well
I would suggest that updating every
structure would probably help do that so
we need to take the blinders off we need
to address this as if it's a problem
that we have some kind of input on and
we just need to adopt the stance this
needs to be done we need to update our
infrastructure while we're updating it
to deal with crises like this we need to
update it to deal with climate change we
can do it at the same time be a whole
lot more effective or we can ignore
climate change the way we ignored this
possibility that we have been warned
about for decades and understand this
isn't the bad one when I went to those
conferences this isn't what they were
talking about this was bad but there are
much much worse scenarios out there this
is overwhelming our infrastructure
imagine what the really bad one will do
we've got to update it we have to
upgrade it and we can do climate change
at the same time anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good day go wash
your hands